h1. Openbravo ERP

This is the *Bippo* development version of *Openbravo ERP*.

More info: "ERP Development Setup | Bippo Development Guide":https://sites.google.com/a/bippo.co.id/dev/erp/development

Useful references:
* "Tomcat reference":https://sites.google.com/a/bippo.co.id/ref/tomcat
* "PostgreSQL reference":https://sites.google.com/a/bippo.co.id/ref/postgresql


h2. Preparation

h3. Java Setup

Set @JAVA_HOME@ environment variable in @~/.bashrc@ to point to your OpenJDK 6 folder.

h3. Tomcat Setup

Install "Tomcat 6.0.x binary distribution":http://tomcat.apache.org/download-60.cgi (don't use its Ubuntu package). 
Do NOT use Apache 7.0!
(Hendy's note: maybe should try to use JBoss AS)

a. Extract Tomcat distribution as @$HOME/openbravo-tomcat@ (do not use the @apache-tomcat-x.x.x@ folder)
   This folder will be referred to as @$CATALINA_HOME@.
b. Set @CATALINA_HOME@ environment variable in @~/.bashrc@ because it will be used by Openbravo Setup Ant script
c. Set @CATALINA_OPTS@ environment variable in @~/.bashrc@ as follows: (to fix PermGen error)

bc. export CATALINA_OPTS="-Djava.awt.headless=true -Xms384M -Xmx512M -XX:MaxPermSize=256M"

d. Copy the @tools.jar@ file (from JDK in @/usr/lib/jvm/java-1.6.0-openjdk/lib@) to Tomcat's @lib/@ folder. 
e. In order to avoid Tomcat from auto-reloading itself, comment the @<WatchedResource>@ line in @$CATALINA_HOME/conf/context.xml@
f. Create administrator user
g. Start Tomcat


h3. PostgreSQL Setup

Install PostgreSQL 8.4 "with UUID support":http://forge.openbravo.com/plugins/espforum/view.php?group_id=100&forumid=549511&topicid=6993892#6993961 : install Ubuntu packages @postgresql-8.4@, @postgresql-contrib-8.4@
Do NOT use PostgreSQL 9.1 with Openbravo (yet)!

a. Check if @8.4 main@ cluster exists. If not, create @8.4 main@ cluster at port @5433@.
b. Start PostgreSQL 8.4
c. Set password for @postgres@ user in the @8.4 main@ cluster


h2. Installation

1. Make sure *Apache Tomcat 6.0* is running
2. Make sure *PostgreSQL cluster* @8.4 main@ is running

3. Download the setup binary (@setup-properties-linux-x64.bin@) corresponding to your system
   and put it on @config/@ folder.
   It is available at Bippo intranet Nexus, search for @setup-properties-linux-x64@.

_Internal note:_ If you want to download @setup-properties@ directly from Openbravo upstream, run:

bc. ant setup

4. Run the downloaded file in the @config@ directory. For example in
@amd64@ Linux:

bc. config/setup-properties-linux-x64.bin

_Internal note:_ If there is no setup binary for your operating system and architecture,
send a request to @<staff.rm at openbravo dot com>@.

5. Open a new terminal, and check that the CATALINA_HOME variable is correct:

bc. echo $CATALINA_HOME

6. To install it run:

bc. ant install.source

It creates the database structure, builds the core, compiles
Openbravo and generates a war file.

Deploy this war file into the @tomcat/webapps@ directory.


h2. Eclipse Projects Setup

1. Copy @classpath.sample@ to @.classpath@
2. Do a Git Import from each of these folders in @~/git/openbravo@ :
 
a. @/@
b. @src-core/@
c. @src-trl/@
d. @src-wad/@

You should get 4 Eclipse projects named:

a. @openbravo@
b. @OpenbravoCore@
c. @OpenbravoTrl@
d. @OpenbravoWAD@

Reference: "How to setup Eclipse IDE":http://wiki.openbravo.com/wiki/How_to_setup_Eclipse_IDE


h2. Documentation

See "Openbravo Wiki":http://wiki.openbravo.com for more documentation.


h2. Helping out

If you'd like to help out, great!

Have a look to our "Contributor's Guide":http://wiki.openbravo.com/wiki/Contributor%27s_Guide

There is also a list of "on-going community projects":http://wiki.openbravo.com/wiki/Community_Projects

Please share your changes so others can benefit.

Please use @svn diff@ to prepare patches.


h2. Contact

IRC: @#openbravo@ in freenode
